README.md, before:

### Hi there 👋

#### Languages

![HTML](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=HTML&message=5&style=E34F26&logo=html5)
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=CSS&message=3&style=flat&color=1572B6&logo=css3)
![Javascript](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=JavaScript&message=ES8&style=flat&color=F7DF1E&logo=JavaScript)
![Flask](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Flask&message=1.1.2&style=flat&color=000000&logo=flask)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Python&message=3&style=flat&color=3776AB&logo=PYTHON)

#### Frameworks

![JQuery](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=JQuery&message=3.6.x&style=flat&color=0769AD&logo=jquery)
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Bootstrap&message=🎨&style=flat&color=563D7C&logo=bootstrap)

#### Databases

![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=MongoDB&message=4.2.8&style=flat&color=47A248&logo=mongodb)
![DJango](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=DJango&message=5&color=006400&logo=django)


🔭 I’m currently working on revamping my github and the current projects in it

🌱 I’m currently learning to enhance all my developing skills to sometimes just the basic to new features

🤔 I’m looking for help with ideas to develop something new. Can develop but have no idea what.

📫 How to reach me: adnanmuhtadi96@gmail.com

⚡ Fun fact: I like developing for fun and use it to relax

Commit message:

Mod - Update of github profile

README.md, after:

## Hi 👋, My name is Adnan
### Enjoy programming in my spare time and so building a project portfolio hopefully to land a developers job

#### Languages

![HTML](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=HTML&message=5&style=E34F26&logo=html5)
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=CSS&message=3&style=flat&color=1572B6&logo=css3)
![Javascript](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=JavaScript&message=ES8&style=flat&color=F7DF1E&logo=JavaScript)
![Flask](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Flask&message=1.1.2&style=flat&color=000000&logo=flask)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Python&message=3&style=flat&color=3776AB&logo=PYTHON)

#### Frameworks

![JQuery](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=JQuery&message=3.6.x&style=flat&color=0769AD&logo=jquery)
![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Bootstrap&message=🎨&style=flat&color=563D7C&logo=bootstrap)

#### Databases

![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=MongoDB&message=4.2.8&style=flat&color=47A248&logo=mongodb)
![DJango](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=DJango&message=5&color=006400&logo=django)
